docs: rearrange docs structure and prepare for future outline (#2051)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/build-with-ens/integrations/enssdk.mdx

---

> title: enssdk (TypeScript)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: enssdk
```

> description: TypeScript/JavaScript SDK for ENS with typed Omnigraph queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: SDK for ENSv2 development in TypeScript/JavaScript.
```

---

:::caution[Coming Soon]
We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!
:::

> This page will cover enssdk — the TypeScript/JavaScript SDK for ENS. Includes createEnsNodeClient, typed Omnigraph queries with gql.tada, normalization utilities, and typed ENS models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will cover enssdk — the TypeScript/JavaScript SDK for ENSv2. Includes createEnsNodeClient, fully typed ENS Omnigraph API queries with gql.tada, normalization utilities, and much more.
```
